.. currentmodule:: sksports

.. _change_0_1:

Version 0.1
===========

Changelog
---------

New features
............

Base

- :class:`Rider` allows to store and easily manipulate power data of a
  cyclist. By :user:`Guillaume Lemaitre <glemaitre>`.

Datasets

- :func:`datasets.load_fit` and :func:`datasets.load_rider` provides datasets
  for `.fit` files and internal rider files, respectively. By :user:`Guillaume
  Lemaitre <glemaitre>`.

Extraction

- :func:`extraction.activity_power_profile` allows to extract the power-profile
  of an activity. By :user:`Guillaume Lemaitre <glemaitre>`.

- :func:`extraction.acceleration`, :func:`extraction.gradient_elevation`, and
  :func:`extraction.gradient_heart_rate` allows to extract the gradient of the
  speed, elevation, and the heart-rate. By :user:`Guillaume Lemaitre
  <glemaitre>`.

- :func:`extraction.gradient_activity` allows to compute the gradient for all
  available data for a given period. By :user:`Guillaume Lemaitre <glemaitre>`.

Input/Output

- :func:`bikeread` implement a common interface to read bike files. By
  :user:`Guillaume Lemaitre <glemaitre>`.

Metrics

- :func:`metrics.std_dev_squared_error` computes the standard deviation of the
  squared error when dealing with regression. By :user:`Guillaume Lemaitre
  <glemaitre>`.

- :func:`metrics.aerobic_meta_model` computes the aerobic model (MPA
  mainly). By :user:`Guillaume Lemaitre <glemaitre>`.

Model

- :func:`strava_power_model` implements the method used in Strava for the
  prediction of power from GPS data. By :user:`Guillaume Lemaitre <glemaitre>`.
